docs: troubleshooting backlog items (#9474)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Components/components-processing.mdx

### Split Text parameters

:::important
When using **Split Text** with embedding models (especially NVIDIA models like `nvidia/nv-embed-v1`), you may need to use smaller chunk sizes (`500` or less) even though the model supports larger token limits.
The **Split Text** component doesn't always respect the exact chunk size you set, and individual chunks may exceed your specified limit.
If you encounter tokenization errors, try reducing the chunk size and test your configuration by inspecting the output.

> :::

Reviewer: I would move this down below the param table. Create a section for it, like `### Tokenization errors due to chunk size` (Just an example, you can use whatever title you want).
Link to this section from the `chunk_size` parameter in the table.

However, chunk size also depends on the separator. So they might need to adjust both the separator and the chunk size so there are more smaller chunks.

Reviewer: After you do that, mention tokenization errors/chunk size issues somewhere on the NVIDIA pages, and then link to the tokenization errors section on components-processing.mdx.

Also add a heading for tokenization errors on troubleshooting.mdx, and then link to the new section from there too. like:

```
## Token length limit errors in Embedding Model components

Token length errors can happen if your chunking strategy doesn't align with your embedding model's tokenization limits.
For more information, see <link>.
```

| separator | Separator | Input parameter. A string defining a character to split on, such as `\n` to split on new line characters, `\n\n` to split at paragraph breaks, or `},` to split at the end of JSON objects. You can directly provide the separator string, or pass a separator string from another component as `Message` input. |
| text_key | Text Key | Input parameter. The key to use for the text column that is extracted from the input and then split. Default: `text`. |
| keep_separator | Keep Separator | Input parameter. Select how to handle separators in output chunks. If False, separators are omitted from output chunks. Options include `False` (remove separators), `True` (keep separators in chunks without preference for placement), `Start` (place separators at the beginning of chunks), or `End` (place separators at the end of chunks). Default: `False`. |

### Tokenization errors due to chunk size {#chunk-size}

When using **Split Text** with embedding models (especially NVIDIA models like `nvidia/nv-embed-v1`), you may need to use smaller chunk sizes (`500` or less) even though the model supports larger token limits.

> The **Split Text** component doesn't always respect the exact chunk size you set, and individual chunks may exceed your specified limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Split Text** component doesn't always enforce the exact chunk size you set, and individual chunks may exceed your specified limit.
```

> If you encounter tokenization errors, try reducing the chunk size and test your configuration by inspecting the output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter tokenization errors, modify your text splitting strategy by reducing the chunk size, changing the overlap length, or using a more common separator.
Then, test your configuration by running the flow and inspecting the component's output.
```

Based on the definition of the `chunk_size` parameter, chunk size is a minimum target.
They may need to change the other settings to achieve consistent chunk sizes. For example, if the separator is rare, the component wont subdivide the chunks, even if they well exceed the chunk size.
